docs_source/en/about/provider-routing.md, before:

# Provider Routing

As described in the [Models and Providers](https://docs.zenmux.ai/zh/about/models-and-providers.html) section, for the same model, ZenMux intelligently routes and selects the appropriate provider for calls, ensuring optimal performance and availability. When calling large language models through ZenMux, developers don't need to worry about the underlying provider selection logic—simply specify the model name.

## Default Routing Strategy

ZenMux employs the following default routing strategy:

::: info Intelligent Routing Principles

1. **Original Provider Priority**: Prioritize the model's original developer (e.g., Claude prioritizes Anthropic)
2. **Intelligent Fallback**: If the original provider is unavailable, automatically switch to other providers
3. **Performance Ranking**: Other providers are ranked by first token latency from low to high
   :::

This strategy ensures maximum service availability while maintaining performance.

## Custom Routing Strategy

### Specifying Provider Lists

You can override the default routing strategy by specifying the `provider_routing_strategy` parameter in your request:

::: code-group

```json [Request Example]
{
  "model": "anthropic/claude-sonnet-4",
  "messages": [...],
  "provider_routing_strategy": { // [!code highlight]
    "type": "specified_providers", // [!code highlight]
    "providers": [ // [!code highlight]
      "anthropic/anthropic_endpoint",
      "google-vertex/VertexAIAnthropic",
      "amazon-bedrock/BedrockAnthropic"
    ]
  }
}
```

:::

### Routing Behavior Description

By specifying a `providers` list, ZenMux's routing behavior is as follows:

- **Sequential Calls**: Attempts to call each provider in the order listed
- **Stop on Success**: Continues until a provider successfully returns a result
- **Single Provider**: If only one provider is specified, ZenMux will only call that provider
- **Error Handling**: If a specified provider returns an error, the error information is returned directly

::: warning Important Notes
When using custom routing strategies, ensure that the specified providers actually support the selected model, otherwise calls may fail.
:::

## Getting Provider Identifiers

To accurately specify providers, you need to obtain the correct provider slug (identifier).

### How to Get Provider Slugs

1. Visit the [Model Details Page](https://zenmux.ai/models)
2. Click the copy button next to the provider name
3. Copy the exact slug identifier, such as `anthropic/anthropic_endpoint`

<div style="text-align: center;">
  <img src="https://cdn.marmot-cloud.com/storage/zenmux/2025/08/22/j5hXtcH/provider-slug.png" 
       alt="Provider Slug Copy" 
       style="width: auto; max-width: 400px; border-radius: 4px; box-shadow: 0 2px 8px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1); margin: 16px 0;"
       loading="lazy" />
</div>

::: tip Tip
Make sure to use the correct slug format, typically in the form of `provider_name/endpoint_identifier`.
:::

## Use Cases

Custom provider routing strategies are suitable for the following scenarios:

| Scenario | Description | Example |
| ---------------- | ---------------------------------- | -------------------------------- |
| **Geographic Optimization** | Select geographically closer providers to reduce latency | APAC users prioritize regionally deployed providers |
| **Cost Control** | Prioritize more cost-effective providers | Choose lower-cost third-party providers |
| **Compliance Requirements** | Select providers that meet specific data compliance requirements | Financial institutions choose providers meeting regulatory requirements |
| **Performance Optimization** | Select optimal providers based on historical performance data | Choose providers with lower latency |
| **Testing and Validation** | Specify particular providers for validation during development testing | A/B test different provider performance |

::: details Complete Example

```python
import requests

# Request example specifying a particular provider
response = requests.post(
    "https://zenmux.ai/api/v1/chat/completions",
    headers={
        "Authorization": "Bearer <your_api_key>",
        "Content-Type": "application/json"
    },
    json={
        "model": "anthropic/claude-sonnet-4",
        "messages": [{"role": "user", "content": "Hello!"}],
        "provider_routing_strategy": {  # [!code highlight]
            "type": "specified_providers",  # [!code highlight]
            "providers": ["anthropic/anthropic_endpoint"]  # [!code highlight]
        }
    }
)

print(response.json())
```

:::

By properly configuring provider routing strategies, you can optimize API call performance, cost, and reliability according to your specific business requirements.

Commit message:

Enhance documentation and code quality across multiple files
- Updated quickstart guide for clarity and consistency in language.
- Improved contact page to streamline communication and support requests.
- Revised FAQ section for better readability and updated information.
- Enhanced index page for improved navigation and user experience.
- Made adjustments to Chinese documentation for accuracy and clarity.
- Refined provider routing documentation to clarify routing principles.
- Improved multimodal guide with clearer input descriptions and examples.
- Updated tool calls documentation for consistency in terminology.
- Added type definitions for glob package in package.json.
- Enhanced translation script to support concurrent file processing and improved error handling.
- Removed outdated test.md file to clean up the repository.

docs_source/en/about/provider-routing.md, after:

# Provider Routing

As described in [Models and Providers](https://docs.zenmux.ai/zh/about/models-and-providers.html), for the same model, ZenMux intelligently routes requests to the most suitable provider to ensure optimal performance and availability. When invoking LLMs through ZenMux, developers don’t need to worry about the underlying provider selection logic—simply specify the model name.

## Default Routing Strategy

ZenMux uses the following default routing strategy:

::: info Intelligent Routing Principles

1. Priority to the origin: Prefer the model’s original developer (e.g., Claude prefers Anthropic)
2. Smart failover: If the origin is unavailable, automatically switch to other providers
3. Performance ordering: Other providers are sorted by first-token latency from low to high
   :::

This strategy ensures maximum service availability while maintaining strong performance.

## Custom Routing Strategy

### Specify Provider List

You can override the default routing strategy by specifying the `provider_routing_strategy` parameter in your request:

::: code-group

```json [Request Example]
{
  "model": "anthropic/claude-sonnet-4",
  "messages": [...],
  "provider_routing_strategy": { // [!code highlight]
    "type": "specified_providers", // [!code highlight]
    "providers": [ // [!code highlight]
      "anthropic/anthropic_endpoint",
      "google-vertex/VertexAIAnthropic",
      "amazon-bedrock/BedrockAnthropic"
    ]
  }
}
```

:::

### Routing Behavior

When you provide a `providers` list, ZenMux routes as follows:

- Sequential attempts: Try providers in the listed order
- Stop on first success: Stop as soon as a provider returns successfully
- Single provider: If only one provider is specified, ZenMux will only call that provider
- Error handling: If a specified provider returns an error, the error is returned directly

::: warning Notes
When using a custom routing strategy, ensure that the specified providers actually support the chosen model; otherwise, the call may fail.
:::

## Get Provider Identifier

To specify a provider accurately, you need the correct provider slug (identifier).

### How to find it

1. Visit the [Model Details page](https://zenmux.ai/models)
2. Click the copy button next to the provider name
3. Copy the exact slug identifier, such as `anthropic/anthropic_endpoint`

<div style="text-align: center;">
  <img src="https://cdn.marmot-cloud.com/storage/zenmux/2025/08/22/j5hXtcH/provider-slug.png" 
       alt="Copy provider slug" 
       style="width: auto; max-width: 400px; border-radius: 4px; box-shadow: 0 2px 8px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1); margin: 16px 0;"
       loading="lazy" />
</div>

::: tip Tip
Make sure you use the correct slug format, typically `provider-name/endpoint-identifier`.
:::

## Use Cases

A custom provider routing strategy is suitable for the following scenarios:

| Scenario              | Description                                  | Example                                   |
| --------------------- | -------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| Geographic optimization | Choose geographically closer providers to reduce latency | APAC users prefer regionally deployed providers |
| Cost control          | Prefer providers with better pricing         | Choose lower-cost third-party providers   |
| Compliance requirements | Choose providers that meet specific data compliance needs | Financial institutions selecting compliant providers |
| Performance optimization | Choose the best provider based on historical performance data | Choose providers with lower latency       |
| Testing and validation | Specify certain providers during development/testing | A/B test the performance of different providers |

::: details Complete Example

```python
import requests

# Request example specifying a particular provider
response = requests.post(
    "https://zenmux.ai/api/v1/chat/completions",
    headers={
        "Authorization": "Bearer <your_api_key>",
        "Content-Type": "application/json"
    },
    json={
        "model": "anthropic/claude-sonnet-4",
        "messages": [{"role": "user", "content": "Hello!"}],
        "provider_routing_strategy": {  # [!code highlight]
            "type": "specified_providers",  # [!code highlight]
            "providers": ["anthropic/anthropic_endpoint"]  # [!code highlight]
        }
    }
)

print(response.json())
```

:::

By properly configuring the provider routing strategy, you can optimize API call performance, cost, and reliability to meet your specific business needs.
