docs_source/en/guide/subscription.md, before:

# Subscription Plans

The ZenMux Builder Plan subscription offers individual developers a fixed monthly fee and a predictable way to call AI models, so you can focus on coding and creating without worrying about per-request API costs.

## What Are Flows?

A **Flow** is the metering unit used in the ZenMux subscription. It combines token usage and request count. To make it easier to understand:

- **1 Flow ≈ 1 request in a Claude Sonnet 4.5 coding scenario, or 10 requests in a Claude Haiku 4.5 coding scenario**, where a typical coding scenario is **30,000 input tokens + 1,000 output tokens**.

This approach ensures fair billing across different models and usage scenarios, giving you a clearer picture of how your subscription quota is being consumed.

## Why Choose the Builder Plan?

<div style="border: 1px solid #e1e4e8; border-radius: 6px; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0;">

### 💡 Key Benefits

| Pain Point | Subscription Solution |
|---------|--------------|
| **Worried about burning money while Vibe Coding** | Fixed pricing starting at $20/month—code freely |
| **Learning new tech is too expensive** | 5–10× value leverage for low-cost exploration |
| **Messy multi-platform account management** | One API Key for all models |
| **Limited budget for personal projects** | Pro plan equals $100+ in API call value |

</div>

### 🚀 Three Core Value Props

1. **All-star model lineup**  
   One subscription gives you access to the world’s top models (Gemini 2.5 Pro, the GPT-5 family, Claude Opus/Sonnet 4 family, and more). Use the latest state-of-the-art models as soon as they’re available—like having the best compute on the internet working together.

2. **Outstanding price leverage**
   - **Pro** ($20/month): 50 Flows/5h, roughly equivalent to **$100** in API call value
   - **Max** ($100/month): 300 Flows/5h, **6×** Pro usage
   - **Ultra** ($200/month): 1200 Flows/5h, **24×** Pro usage

3. **Seamless IDE compatibility**  
   No tool lock-in. One subscription API Key works with mainstream developer tools like Claude Code, Cursor, CodeX, and more.

## Plan Comparison

<img src="https://cdn.marmot-cloud.com/storage/zenmux/2026/01/20/7shxqbP/dingyuezhi-jiage2-dapingbanben.png" alt="subscription-free" style="border-radius:5px; box-shadow: 0 4px 8px rgba(0,0,0,0.2);">

### Free - Free Trial
---
<img src="https://cdn.marmot-cloud.com/storage/zenmux/2026/01/20/HkD8Bgz/dingyuezhi-freetaocan.png" alt="subscription-free" style="width:300px; border-radius:8px; box-shadow: 0 4px 8px rgba(0,0,0,0.2);">

**Supported models:**

- `deepseek/deepseek-chat` - DeepSeek-V3.2 (Non-thinking Mode)
- `deepseek/deepseek-reasoner` - DeepSeek-R1.8
- `inclusionai/ling-1t` - inclusionAI: Ling-1T
- `inclusionai/ling-mini-2.0` - inclusionAI: Ling-Mini-2.0
- `inclusionai/ring-1t` - inclusionAI: Ring-1T
- `inclusionai/ring-mini-2.0` - inclusionAI: Ring-Mini-2.0
- `minimax/minimax-m2.1` - MiniMax: MiniMax M2.1
- `stepfun/step-3` - StepFun: Step-3
- `volcengine/doubao-seed-1.8` - VolcanoEngine: Doubao-Seed-1.8
- `xiaomi/mimo-v2-flash` - Xiaomi: MiMo-V2-Flash
- `z-ai/glm-4.6v-flash` - Z.AI: GLM 4.6V Flash
- `z-ai/glm-4.7` - Z.AI: GLM 4.7

### Pro - Developer Favorite
---
<img src="https://cdn.marmot-cloud.com/storage/zenmux/2026/01/20/oI2koKx/dingyuezhi-protaocan.png" alt="subscription-free" style="width:300px; border-radius:8px;">

**Supported models:** **70+** premium models, grouped by provider below (`model slug` - description)

---

**Anthropic Claude Family**

- `anthropic/claude-opus-4.5` - Claude Opus 4.5  
- `anthropic/claude-sonnet-4.5` - Claude Sonnet 4.5  
- `anthropic/claude-haiku-4.5` - Claude Haiku 4.5  
- `anthropic/claude-3.5-sonnet` - Claude 3.5 Sonnet  
- `anthropic/claude-3.5-haiku` - Claude 3.5 Haiku  
- `anthropic/claude-3.7-sonnet` - Claude 3.7 Sonnet  
- `anthropic/claude-sonnet-4` - Claude Sonnet 4  

---

**OpenAI GPT Family**

- `openai/gpt-5.2` - GPT‑5.2  
- `openai/gpt-5.2-chat` - GPT‑5.2 Chat  
- `openai/gpt-5.2-codex` - GPT‑5.2 Codex  
- `openai/gpt-5` - GPT‑5  
- `openai/gpt-5-chat` - GPT‑5 Chat  
- `openai/gpt-5-codex` - GPT‑5 Codex  
- `openai/gpt-5-mini` - GPT‑5 Mini  
- `openai/gpt-5-nano` - GPT‑5 Nano  
- `openai/gpt-5.1` - GPT‑5.1  
- `openai/gpt-5.1-chat` - GPT‑5.1 Chat  
- `openai/gpt-5.1-codex` - GPT‑5.1 Codex  
- `openai/gpt-5.1-codex-mini` - GPT‑5.1 Codex Mini  
- `openai/gpt-4.1` - GPT‑4.1  
- `openai/gpt-4.1-mini` - GPT‑4.1 Mini  
- `openai/gpt-4.1-nano` - GPT‑4.1 Nano  
- `openai/gpt-4o` - GPT‑4o  
- `openai/gpt-4o-mini` - GPT‑4o Mini  
- `openai/o4-mini` - o4-mini  

---

**Google Gemini / Gemma Family**

- `google/gemini-2.0-flash` - Gemini 2.0 Flash  
- `google/gemini-2.0-flash-lite-001` - Gemini 2.0 Flash Lite  
- `google/gemini-2.5-flash` - Gemini 2.5 Flash  
- `google/gemini-2.5-flash-lite` - Gemini 2.5 Flash Lite  
- `google/gemini-2.5-flash-image` - Gemini 2.5 Flash Image  
- `google/gemini-2.5-pro` - Gemini 2.5 Pro  
- `google/gemini-3-flash-preview` - Gemini 3 Flash Preview  
- `google/gemini-3-pro-preview` - Gemini 3 Pro Preview  
- `google/gemini-3-pro-image-preview` - Gemini 3 Pro Image Preview  
- `google/gemma-3-12b-it` - Gemma 3 12B IT  

---

**xAI Grok Family**

- `x-ai/grok-4` - Grok 4  
- `x-ai/grok-4-fast` - Grok 4 Fast  
- `x-ai/grok-4-fast-non-reasoning` - Grok 4 Fast Non‑Reasoning  
- `x-ai/grok-4.1-fast` - Grok 4.1 Fast  
- `x-ai/grok-4.1-fast-non-reasoning` - Grok 4.1 Fast Non‑Reasoning  
- `x-ai/grok-code-fast-1` - Grok Code Fast 1  

---

**Z.AI GLM Family**

- `z-ai/glm-4.6v` - GLM 4.6V  
- `z-ai/glm-4.6v-flash` - GLM 4.6V Flash  
- `z-ai/glm-4.7` - GLM 4.7  
- `z-ai/glm-4.5` - GLM 4.5  
- `z-ai/glm-4.5-air` - GLM 4.5 Air  
- `z-ai/glm-4.6` - GLM 4.6  

---

**DeepSeek Family**

- `deepseek/deepseek-chat` - DeepSeek Chat  
- `deepseek/deepseek-chat-v3.1` - DeepSeek Chat V3.1  
- `deepseek/deepseek-v3.2` - DeepSeek V3.2  
- `deepseek/deepseek-v3.2-exp` - DeepSeek V3.2 Exp  
- `deepseek/deepseek-r1-0528` - DeepSeek R1 0528  
- `deepseek/deepseek-reasoner` - DeepSeek Reasoner  

---

**Qwen / Tongyi Qianwen Family**

- `qwen/qwen3-coder` - Qwen3 Coder  
- `qwen/qwen3-coder-plus` - Qwen3 Coder Plus  
- `qwen/qwen3-max` - Qwen3 Max  
- `qwen/qwen3-max-preview` - Qwen3 Max Preview  
- `qwen/qwen3-vl-plus` - Qwen3 VL Plus  
- `qwen/qwen3-14b` - Qwen3 14B  
- `qwen/qwen3-235b-a22b-2507` - Qwen3 235B A22B 2507  
- `qwen/qwen3-235b-a22b-thinking-2507` - Qwen3 235B A22B Thinking 2507  

---

**Moonshot / Kimi Family**

- `moonshotai/kimi-k2-thinking` - Kimi K2 Thinking  
- `moonshotai/kimi-k2-thinking-turbo` - Kimi K2 Thinking Turbo
- `moonshotai/kimi-k2-0711` - Kimi K2 0711  
- `moonshotai/kimi-k2-0905` - Kimi K2 0905  

---

**Baidu ERNIE Family**

- `baidu/ernie-5.0-thinking-preview` - ERNIE 5.0 Thinking Preview  
- `baidu/ernie-x1.1-preview` - ERNIE X1.1 Preview  

---

**InclusionAI Family**

- `inclusionai/ling-1t` - Ling‑1T  
- `inclusionai/ling-flash-2.0` - Ling Flash 2.0  
- `inclusionai/ling-mini-2.0` - Ling Mini 2.0  
- `inclusionai/llada2.0-flash-cap` - LLADA 2.0 Flash Cap  
- `inclusionai/ming-flash-omni-preview` - Ming Flash Omni Preview  
- `inclusionai/ring-1t` - Ring‑1T  
- `inclusionai/ring-flash-2.0` - Ring Flash 2.0  
- `inclusionai/ring-mini-2.0` - Ring Mini 2.0  

---

**Meta Llama Family**

- `meta/llama-3.3-70b-instruct` - Llama 3.3 70B Instruct  
- `meta/llama-4-scout-17b-16e-instruct` - Llama 4 Scout 17B 16E Instruct  

---

**Mistral Family**

- `mistralai/mistral-large-2512` - Mistral Large 2512  

---

**MiniMax Family**

- `minimax/minimax-m2` - MiniMax M2  
- `minimax/minimax-m2.1` - MiniMax M2.1  

---

**Kuaishou**

- `kuaishou/kat-coder-pro-v1` - KAT‑Coder‑Pro‑V1  

---

**Stepfun**

- `stepfun/step-3` - Step 3  

---

**ByteDance Volcengine Doubao**

- `volcengine/doubao-seed-1-6-vision` - Doubao Seed 1.6 Vision  
- `volcengine/doubao-seed-1.8` - Doubao Seed 1.8  
- `volcengine/doubao-seed-code` - Doubao Seed Code  

---

**Xiaomi**

- `xiaomi/mimo-v2-flash` - MiMo V2 Flash  

---
### Max - High-Intensity Development
---
<img src="https://cdn.marmot-cloud.com/storage/zenmux/2026/01/20/8PXHCx9/dingyuezhi-maxtaocan.png" alt="subscription-free" style="width:300px; border-radius:8px;">

**Additional ultra-flagship models supported:**

- `openai/gpt-5.2-pro` - GPT-5.2 Pro
- `openai/gpt-5-pro` - GPT-5 Pro
- `anthropic/claude-opus-4.1` - Claude Opus 4.1
- `anthropic/claude-opus-4` - Claude Opus 4
---

### Ultra - Professional Flagship
---
<img src="https://cdn.marmot-cloud.com/storage/zenmux/2026/01/20/aJFjhWL/dingyuezhi-ultrataocan.png" alt="subscription-free" style="width:300px; border-radius:8px;">

**Supported models:** Same as the Max plan, including all premium and ultra-flagship models.

## Usage Limits

::: warning ⚠️ Important
Subscription plans are designed for **personal development, learning/exploration, and Vibe Coding** in non-production scenarios. Please follow the usage rules below:
:::

### Rate Limits

- **Rate Limit:** 10–15 RPM (requests per minute)
- **Quota window:** Refreshes on a rolling 5-hour window
- **Weekly limit:** Resets on a rolling weekly window

### Applicable Scenarios

✅ **Allowed:**

- Personal development and learning
- Vibe Coding and rapid prototyping
- Technical exploration and experiments
- Personal projects and non-commercial applications

❌ **Not allowed:**

- Live production environments
- Commercial products or services
- End-user-facing applications
- Abuse such as multi-account pooling/round-robin usage

::: tip 💡 Production recommendation
If your project is about to go live or is already commercialized, switch to the [Pay-As-You-Go](./pay-as-you-go) billing plan to get:

- Higher SLA guarantees
- More stable service quality
- More flexible scaling
- Professional commercial support
:::

## How to Subscribe

### Step 1: Review plan details

Visit the [ZenMux Pricing page](https://zenmux.ai/pricing) to view full details and pricing for all subscription plans.

<img src="https://cdn.marmot-cloud.com/storage/zenmux/2026/01/20/7shxqbP/dingyuezhi-jiage2-dapingbanben.png" alt="subscription-free" style="border-radius:5px; box-shadow: 0 4px 8px rgba(0,0,0,0.2);">

### Step 2: Choose and subscribe

1. Select the plan that fits you on the Pricing page
2. Click **"Get Max"** or **"Get Ultra"** for the corresponding plan (Pro users click **"Upgrade"**)
3. Complete the payment flow

::: tip 💡 Whitelist access
The Builder Plan is currently in a whitelist-based beta. Contact us through the following channels to request access:

1. **Xiaohongshu:** Scan the QR code, add us, and send your email to apply

   <img src="https://cdn.marmot-cloud.com/storage/zenmux/2026/01/23/9CysoYw/xiaohongshu.png" alt="Xiaohongshu QR code" style="width:200px; border-radius:8px; box-shadow: 0 2px 8px rgba(0,0,0,0.1);">

2. **WeChat group:** Scan the QR code to join and apply

   <img src="https://cdn.marmot-cloud.com/storage/zenmux/2026/01/19/3LwPhj5/weixin0119.png" alt="WeChat group QR code" style="width:200px; border-radius:8px; box-shadow: 0 2px 8px rgba(0,0,0,0.1);">

3. **Discord:** [Join the community](https://discord.gg/vHZZzj84Bm)
:::

### Step 3: Manage your subscription and get an API Key

After subscribing, go to the [Subscription Management page](https://zenmux.ai/platform/subscription):

<img src="https://cdn.marmot-cloud.com/storage/zenmux/2026/01/20/4I6M3by/dingyuezhi-gerenguanliyemian2.png" alt="subscription-free" style="border-radius:5px; box-shadow: 0 4px 8px rgba(0,0,0,0.2);">

- 📊 **View usage**
  - Usage and remaining time in the current 5-hour window
  - Weekly cumulative usage stats
  - Flow consumption breakdown

- 🔑 **Get a subscription API Key**
  - Generate an API Key dedicated to subscriptions
  - Manage and rotate existing keys
  - View the key’s last-used time

- 💳 **Manage subscription**
  - View current plan details
  - Upgrade or downgrade your plan
  - View billing history

### Step 4: Use it in developer tools

Once you have your subscription API Key, you can use it in various developer tools and applications.

#### Same usage as Pay As You Go

Subscription API Keys work exactly the same as [Pay As You Go](./pay-as-you-go.md). They support the OpenAI SDK, Anthropic SDK, and direct HTTP calls. The **only difference** is that you must use the subscription-specific API Key (starts with `sk-ss-v1-`). Usage is automatically deducted from your subscription quota instead of your account balance.

::: tip 💡 API call examples
For complete API call examples, see the [Quickstart guide](./quickstart.md). Just replace the API Key in the examples with your subscription API Key.
:::

#### Integrate with mainstream developer tools

Subscription API Keys can be seamlessly integrated into a wide range of AI coding tools and apps. For detailed setup steps, see:

**🔧 AI Coding Tools**

- [Claude Code Integration Guide](/best-practices/claude-code) - Anthropic’s official CLI tool
- [CodeX Integration Guide](/best-practices/codex) - AI code editor
- [Cline Integration Guide](/best-practices/cline) - VS Code AI assistant extension
- [VS Code Copilot Integration Guide](/best-practices/copilot) - GitHub Copilot alternative
- [Neovate Integration Guide](/best-practices/neovate-code) - Modern AI coding tool
- [OpenCode Integration Guide](/best-practices/opencode) - Open-source AI coding assistant

**💬 Knowledge Management & Chat Tools**

- [Cherry Studio Integration Guide](/best-practices/cherry-studio) - Desktop AI chat app
- [Obsidian Integration Guide](/best-practices/obsidian) - AI plugin for the knowledge management tool
- [Sider Integration Guide](/best-practices/sider) - Browser sidebar AI assistant

**🤖 AI App Platforms**

- [Dify Integration Guide](/best-practices/dify) - LLM app development platform
- [Open WebUI Integration Guide](/best-practices/open-webui) - Self-hosted AI chat UI

::: info 📚 More integrations
More integration guides are continuously being added. If you need help, visit the [Discord community](http://discord.gg/vHZZzj84Bm) or contact technical support.
:::

---

## Using Subscriptions in Studio Chat

In addition to using an API Key in developer tools, you can also use your subscription quota directly in **[ZenMux Studio Chat](https://zenmux.ai/chat)** on the web.

### Switch billing modes

On the Studio Chat page, you can flexibly choose—per conversation—whether to use subscription quota or Pay As You Go balance.

In the conversation settings, you’ll see the **Billing Mode** option:

- **Subscription** - Uses subscription quota (Flows) and does not consume account balance
- **Pay As You Go** - Deducts from your account balance based on actual usage

::: tip 💡 Flexible switching
You can use different billing modes in different conversations. For example:

- Daily development, learning, prototype validation → Subscription
- Production testing, commercial project validation → Pay As You Go

You can switch at any time. The two modes do not affect each other, so you can always choose the best billing method for each scenario.
:::

### Studio Chat features

When chatting in Studio Chat using subscriptions, you get:

- ✅ Access to all models supported by your subscription plan (70+ premium models)
- ✅ Multimodal chat (text, images, file upload)
- ✅ Full chat history management
- ✅ Export chat transcripts
- ✅ Shared subscription quota with API calls

::: warning ⚠️ Shared quota
Studio Chat and API calls use the same subscription quota pool. Conversations in Studio Chat consume subscription Flows—please plan your usage accordingly.
:::

---

## Developer Co-Creation Rewards

We value feedback from every user. Join the ZenMux improvement program to earn rewards:

- 🐛 **Submit a valid bug report:** $5 credit for each accepted bug
- 💡 **Suggest an improvement:** $5 credit for each accepted suggestion
- 🎁 **Reward cap:** Up to $50 credit per person (equivalent to reimbursing 2.5 months of Pro subscription fees)

How to participate:

1. **Xiaohongshu DM:** Scan the QR code, add our Xiaohongshu account, and send your email to request whitelist access or submit bugs/suggestions

   <img src="https://cdn.marmot-cloud.com/storage/zenmux/2026/01/23/9CysoYw/xiaohongshu.png" alt="Xiaohongshu QR code" style="width:200px; border-radius:8px; box-shadow: 0 2px 8px rgba(0,0,0,0.1);">

2. **WeChat user group:** Scan the QR code to join and chat directly with the team and other developers

   <img src="https://cdn.marmot-cloud.com/storage/zenmux/2026/01/19/3LwPhj5/weixin0119.png" alt="WeChat group QR code" style="width:200px; border-radius:8px; box-shadow: 0 2px 8px rgba(0,0,0,0.1);">

3. **Discord community:** Join our [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/vHZZzj84Bm) to participate in discussions

After you submit, the team will review and issue the corresponding rewards.

## FAQ

### What’s the difference between subscriptions and Pay As You Go?

| Feature | Subscription (Builder Plan) | Pay-As-You-Go |
|-----|---------------------|----------------------|
| **Billing** | Fixed monthly fee | Pay for actual usage |
| **Best for** | Personal development, learning | Production, commercial apps |
| **Cost predictability** | ✅ High (fixed monthly fee) | ⚠️ Medium (varies with usage) |
| **Rate limits** | 10–15 RPM | Higher; customizable |
| **SLA** | Standard | Higher |
| **Price leverage** | ✅ 5–10× | Standard API pricing |

### When does my quota reset?

- **5-hour window:** Uses a rolling window, measured from when you send requests, and resets once every 5 hours
- **Weekly limit:** Measured from when you send requests, and resets every 7 days

You can view remaining quota and reset times in real time on the [Subscription Management page](https://zenmux.ai/platform/subscription).

### Can I use multiple plans at the same time?

No. Each account can have only one active subscription plan at a time. If you need a higher quota, upgrade to Max or Ultra.

## Next Steps

Now that you understand how the Builder Plan subscription works, you can:

- 📚 Read the [Quickstart guide](./quickstart) for detailed API usage
- 🔧 See [Best Practices](/best-practices/claude-code) to integrate your subscription API Key into developer tools
- 💰 Learn about [Pay As You Go](./pay-as-you-go), which is better suited for production billing
- 📊 Visit the [Usage Analytics page](./observability/usage) to monitor subscription quota usage in real time
- 💵 Check [Cost Analysis](./observability/cost) to learn how to optimize costs

::: tip Contact Us
If you run into any issues, or have suggestions and feedback, feel free to reach out via:

- **Website**: <https://zenmux.ai>
- **Support email**: [support@zenmux.ai](mailto:support@zenmux.ai)
- **Business email**: [bd@zenmux.ai](mailto:bd@zenmux.ai)
- **Twitter**: [@ZenMuxAI](https://twitter.com/ZenMuxAI)
- **Discord**: <https://discord.gg/vHZZzj84Bm>

For more contact options and details, please visit our [Contact page](/help/contact).
:::

Commit message:

Update subscription documentation and API response structure
- Added new subscription tiers and updated model listings in English and Chinese guides.
- Revised the installation instructions for Claude Code, emphasizing native installation and deprecating npm/pnpm methods.
- Enhanced API response documentation for the Get Generation endpoint, including new fields for billing and retry information.
- Streamlined contact methods for whitelist access and feedback submission in subscription guides.

docs_source/en/guide/subscription.md, after:

# Subscription Plans

The ZenMux Builder Plan subscription offers individual developers a fixed monthly fee and a predictable way to call AI models, so you can focus on coding and creating without worrying about per-request API costs.

## What Are Flows?

A **Flow** is the metering unit used in the ZenMux subscription. It combines token usage and request count. To make it easier to understand:

- **1 Flow ≈ 1 request in a Claude Sonnet 4.5 coding scenario, or 10 requests in a Claude Haiku 4.5 coding scenario**, where a typical coding scenario is **30,000 input tokens + 1,000 output tokens**.

This approach ensures fair billing across different models and usage scenarios, giving you a clearer picture of how your subscription quota is being consumed.

## Why Choose the Builder Plan?

<div style="border: 1px solid #e1e4e8; border-radius: 6px; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0;">

### 💡 Key Benefits

| Pain Point | Subscription Solution |
|---------|--------------|
| **Worried about burning money while Vibe Coding** | Fixed pricing starting at $20/month—code freely |
| **Learning new tech is too expensive** | 5–10× value leverage for low-cost exploration |
| **Messy multi-platform account management** | One API Key for all models |
| **Limited budget for personal projects** | Pro plan equals $100+ in API call value |

</div>

### 🚀 Three Core Value Props

1. **All-star model lineup**  
   One subscription gives you access to the world’s top models (Gemini 2.5 Pro, the GPT-5 family, Claude Opus/Sonnet 4 family, and more). Use the latest state-of-the-art models as soon as they’re available—like having the best compute on the internet working together.

2. **Outstanding price leverage**
   - **Pro** ($20/month): 50 Flows/5h, roughly equivalent to **$100** in API call value
   - **Max** ($100/month): 300 Flows/5h, **6×** Pro usage
   - **Ultra** ($200/month): 1200 Flows/5h, **24×** Pro usage

3. **Seamless IDE compatibility**  
   No tool lock-in. One subscription API Key works with mainstream developer tools like Claude Code, Cursor, CodeX, and more.

## Plan Comparison

<img src="https://cdn.marmot-cloud.com/storage/zenmux/2026/01/20/7shxqbP/dingyuezhi-jiage2-dapingbanben.png" alt="subscription-free" style="border-radius:5px; box-shadow: 0 4px 8px rgba(0,0,0,0.2);">

### Free - Free Trial

---
<img src="https://cdn.marmot-cloud.com/storage/zenmux/2026/01/20/HkD8Bgz/dingyuezhi-freetaocan.png" alt="subscription-free" style="width:300px; border-radius:8px; box-shadow: 0 4px 8px rgba(0,0,0,0.2);">

**Supported models:**

- `deepseek/deepseek-chat` - DeepSeek-V3.2 (Non-thinking Mode)
- `deepseek/deepseek-reasoner` - DeepSeek-R1.8
- `inclusionai/ling-1t` - inclusionAI: Ling-1T
- `inclusionai/ling-mini-2.0` - inclusionAI: Ling-Mini-2.0
- `inclusionai/ring-1t` - inclusionAI: Ring-1T
- `inclusionai/ring-mini-2.0` - inclusionAI: Ring-Mini-2.0
- `minimax/minimax-m2.1` - MiniMax: MiniMax M2.1
- `stepfun/step-3` - StepFun: Step-3
- `volcengine/doubao-seed-1.8` - VolcanoEngine: Doubao-Seed-1.8
- `xiaomi/mimo-v2-flash` - Xiaomi: MiMo-V2-Flash
- `z-ai/glm-4.6v-flash` - Z.AI: GLM 4.6V Flash
- `z-ai/glm-4.7` - Z.AI: GLM 4.7

### Pro - Developer Favorite

---
<img src="https://cdn.marmot-cloud.com/storage/zenmux/2026/01/20/oI2koKx/dingyuezhi-protaocan.png" alt="subscription-free" style="width:300px; border-radius:8px;">

**Supported models:** **70+** premium models, grouped by provider below (`model slug` - description)

---

**Anthropic Claude Family**

- `anthropic/claude-opus-4.5` - Claude Opus 4.5
- `anthropic/claude-sonnet-4.5` - Claude Sonnet 4.5
- `anthropic/claude-haiku-4.5` - Claude Haiku 4.5
- `anthropic/claude-opus-4.1` - Claude Opus 4.1
- `anthropic/claude-opus-4` - Claude Opus 4
- `anthropic/claude-3.5-sonnet` - Claude 3.5 Sonnet  
- `anthropic/claude-3.5-haiku` - Claude 3.5 Haiku  
- `anthropic/claude-3.7-sonnet` - Claude 3.7 Sonnet  
- `anthropic/claude-sonnet-4` - Claude Sonnet 4  

---

**OpenAI GPT Family**

- `openai/gpt-5.2` - GPT‑5.2  
- `openai/gpt-5.2-chat` - GPT‑5.2 Chat  
- `openai/gpt-5.2-codex` - GPT‑5.2 Codex  
- `openai/gpt-5` - GPT‑5  
- `openai/gpt-5-chat` - GPT‑5 Chat  
- `openai/gpt-5-codex` - GPT‑5 Codex  
- `openai/gpt-5-mini` - GPT‑5 Mini  
- `openai/gpt-5-nano` - GPT‑5 Nano  
- `openai/gpt-5.1` - GPT‑5.1  
- `openai/gpt-5.1-chat` - GPT‑5.1 Chat  
- `openai/gpt-5.1-codex` - GPT‑5.1 Codex  
- `openai/gpt-5.1-codex-mini` - GPT‑5.1 Codex Mini  
- `openai/gpt-4.1` - GPT‑4.1  
- `openai/gpt-4.1-mini` - GPT‑4.1 Mini  
- `openai/gpt-4.1-nano` - GPT‑4.1 Nano  
- `openai/gpt-4o` - GPT‑4o  
- `openai/gpt-4o-mini` - GPT‑4o Mini  
- `openai/o4-mini` - o4-mini  

---

**Google Gemini / Gemma Family**

- `google/gemini-2.0-flash` - Gemini 2.0 Flash  
- `google/gemini-2.0-flash-lite-001` - Gemini 2.0 Flash Lite  
- `google/gemini-2.5-flash` - Gemini 2.5 Flash  
- `google/gemini-2.5-flash-lite` - Gemini 2.5 Flash Lite  
- `google/gemini-2.5-flash-image` - Gemini 2.5 Flash Image  
- `google/gemini-2.5-pro` - Gemini 2.5 Pro  
- `google/gemini-3-flash-preview` - Gemini 3 Flash Preview  
- `google/gemini-3-pro-preview` - Gemini 3 Pro Preview  
- `google/gemini-3-pro-image-preview` - Gemini 3 Pro Image Preview  
- `google/gemma-3-12b-it` - Gemma 3 12B IT  

---

**xAI Grok Family**

- `x-ai/grok-4` - Grok 4  
- `x-ai/grok-4-fast` - Grok 4 Fast  
- `x-ai/grok-4-fast-non-reasoning` - Grok 4 Fast Non‑Reasoning  
- `x-ai/grok-4.1-fast` - Grok 4.1 Fast  
- `x-ai/grok-4.1-fast-non-reasoning` - Grok 4.1 Fast Non‑Reasoning  
- `x-ai/grok-code-fast-1` - Grok Code Fast 1  

---

**Z.AI GLM Family**

- `z-ai/glm-4.6v` - GLM 4.6V  
- `z-ai/glm-4.6v-flash` - GLM 4.6V Flash  
- `z-ai/glm-4.7` - GLM 4.7  
- `z-ai/glm-4.5` - GLM 4.5  
- `z-ai/glm-4.5-air` - GLM 4.5 Air  
- `z-ai/glm-4.6` - GLM 4.6  

---

**DeepSeek Family**

- `deepseek/deepseek-chat` - DeepSeek Chat  
- `deepseek/deepseek-chat-v3.1` - DeepSeek Chat V3.1  
- `deepseek/deepseek-v3.2` - DeepSeek V3.2  
- `deepseek/deepseek-v3.2-exp` - DeepSeek V3.2 Exp  
- `deepseek/deepseek-r1-0528` - DeepSeek R1 0528  
- `deepseek/deepseek-reasoner` - DeepSeek Reasoner  

---

**Qwen / Tongyi Qianwen Family**

- `qwen/qwen3-coder` - Qwen3 Coder  
- `qwen/qwen3-coder-plus` - Qwen3 Coder Plus  
- `qwen/qwen3-max` - Qwen3 Max  
- `qwen/qwen3-max-preview` - Qwen3 Max Preview  
- `qwen/qwen3-vl-plus` - Qwen3 VL Plus  
- `qwen/qwen3-14b` - Qwen3 14B  
- `qwen/qwen3-235b-a22b-2507` - Qwen3 235B A22B 2507  
- `qwen/qwen3-235b-a22b-thinking-2507` - Qwen3 235B A22B Thinking 2507  

---

**Moonshot / Kimi Family**

- `moonshotai/kimi-k2-thinking` - Kimi K2 Thinking  
- `moonshotai/kimi-k2-thinking-turbo` - Kimi K2 Thinking Turbo
- `moonshotai/kimi-k2-0711` - Kimi K2 0711  
- `moonshotai/kimi-k2-0905` - Kimi K2 0905  

---

**Baidu ERNIE Family**

- `baidu/ernie-5.0-thinking-preview` - ERNIE 5.0 Thinking Preview  
- `baidu/ernie-x1.1-preview` - ERNIE X1.1 Preview  

---

**InclusionAI Family**

- `inclusionai/ling-1t` - Ling‑1T  
- `inclusionai/ling-flash-2.0` - Ling Flash 2.0  
- `inclusionai/ling-mini-2.0` - Ling Mini 2.0  
- `inclusionai/llada2.0-flash-cap` - LLADA 2.0 Flash Cap  
- `inclusionai/ming-flash-omni-preview` - Ming Flash Omni Preview  
- `inclusionai/ring-1t` - Ring‑1T  
- `inclusionai/ring-flash-2.0` - Ring Flash 2.0  
- `inclusionai/ring-mini-2.0` - Ring Mini 2.0  

---

**Meta Llama Family**

- `meta/llama-3.3-70b-instruct` - Llama 3.3 70B Instruct  
- `meta/llama-4-scout-17b-16e-instruct` - Llama 4 Scout 17B 16E Instruct  

---

**Mistral Family**

- `mistralai/mistral-large-2512` - Mistral Large 2512  

---

**MiniMax Family**

- `minimax/minimax-m2` - MiniMax M2  
- `minimax/minimax-m2.1` - MiniMax M2.1  

---

**Kuaishou**

- `kuaishou/kat-coder-pro-v1` - KAT‑Coder‑Pro‑V1  

---

**Stepfun**

- `stepfun/step-3` - Step 3  

---

**ByteDance Volcengine Doubao**

- `volcengine/doubao-seed-1-6-vision` - Doubao Seed 1.6 Vision  
- `volcengine/doubao-seed-1.8` - Doubao Seed 1.8  
- `volcengine/doubao-seed-code` - Doubao Seed Code  

---

**Xiaomi**

- `xiaomi/mimo-v2-flash` - MiMo V2 Flash  

---

### Max - High-Intensity Development

---
<img src="https://cdn.marmot-cloud.com/storage/zenmux/2026/01/20/8PXHCx9/dingyuezhi-maxtaocan.png" alt="subscription-free" style="width:300px; border-radius:8px;">

**Additional ultra-flagship models supported:**

- `openai/gpt-5.2-pro` - GPT-5.2 Pro
- `openai/gpt-5-pro` - GPT-5 Pro

---

### Ultra - Professional Flagship

---
<img src="https://cdn.marmot-cloud.com/storage/zenmux/2026/01/20/aJFjhWL/dingyuezhi-ultrataocan.png" alt="subscription-free" style="width:300px; border-radius:8px;">

**Supported models:** Same as the Max plan, including all premium and ultra-flagship models.

## Usage Limits

::: warning ⚠️ Important
Subscription plans are designed for **personal development, learning/exploration, and Vibe Coding** in non-production scenarios. Please follow the usage rules below:
:::

### Rate Limits

- **Rate Limit:** 10–15 RPM (requests per minute)
- **Quota window:** Refreshes on a rolling 5-hour window
- **Weekly limit:** Resets on a rolling weekly window

### Applicable Scenarios

✅ **Allowed:**

- Personal development and learning
- Vibe Coding and rapid prototyping
- Technical exploration and experiments
- Personal projects and non-commercial applications

❌ **Not allowed:**

- Live production environments
- Commercial products or services
- End-user-facing applications
- Abuse such as multi-account pooling/round-robin usage

::: tip 💡 Production recommendation
If your project is about to go live or is already commercialized, switch to the [Pay-As-You-Go](./pay-as-you-go) billing plan to get:

- Higher SLA guarantees
- More stable service quality
- More flexible scaling
- Professional commercial support
:::

## How to Subscribe

### Step 1: Review plan details

Visit the [ZenMux Pricing page](https://zenmux.ai/pricing) to view full details and pricing for all subscription plans.

<img src="https://cdn.marmot-cloud.com/storage/zenmux/2026/01/20/7shxqbP/dingyuezhi-jiage2-dapingbanben.png" alt="subscription-free" style="border-radius:5px; box-shadow: 0 4px 8px rgba(0,0,0,0.2);">

### Step 2: Choose and subscribe

1. Select the plan that fits you on the Pricing page
2. Click **"Get Max"** or **"Get Ultra"** for the corresponding plan (Pro users click **"Upgrade"**)
3. Complete the payment flow

::: tip 💡 Whitelist access
If you need to apply for whitelist access, please visit our [Contact Us page](https://zenmux.ai/supports) and reach out via any of the contact methods provided (preferably RedNote, WeChat, or Discord) to submit your request.
:::

### Step 3: Manage your subscription and get an API Key

After subscribing, go to the [Subscription Management page](https://zenmux.ai/platform/subscription):

<img src="https://cdn.marmot-cloud.com/storage/zenmux/2026/01/20/4I6M3by/dingyuezhi-gerenguanliyemian2.png" alt="subscription-free" style="border-radius:5px; box-shadow: 0 4px 8px rgba(0,0,0,0.2);">

- 📊 **View usage**
  - Usage and remaining time in the current 5-hour window
  - Weekly cumulative usage stats
  - Flow consumption breakdown

- 🔑 **Get a subscription API Key**
  - Generate an API Key dedicated to subscriptions
  - Manage and rotate existing keys
  - View the key’s last-used time

- 💳 **Manage subscription**
  - View current plan details
  - Upgrade or downgrade your plan
  - View billing history

### Step 4: Use it in developer tools

Once you have your subscription API Key, you can use it in various developer tools and applications.

#### Same usage as Pay As You Go

Subscription API Keys work exactly the same as [Pay As You Go](./pay-as-you-go.md). They support the OpenAI SDK, Anthropic SDK, and direct HTTP calls. The **only difference** is that you must use the subscription-specific API Key (starts with `sk-ss-v1-`). Usage is automatically deducted from your subscription quota instead of your account balance.

::: tip 💡 API call examples
For complete API call examples, see the [Quickstart guide](./quickstart.md). Just replace the API Key in the examples with your subscription API Key.
:::

#### Integrate with mainstream developer tools

Subscription API Keys can be seamlessly integrated into a wide range of AI coding tools and apps. For detailed setup steps, see:

**🔧 AI Coding Tools**

- [Claude Code Integration Guide](/best-practices/claude-code) - Anthropic’s official CLI tool
- [CodeX Integration Guide](/best-practices/codex) - AI code editor
- [Cline Integration Guide](/best-practices/cline) - VS Code AI assistant extension
- [VS Code Copilot Integration Guide](/best-practices/copilot) - GitHub Copilot alternative
- [Neovate Integration Guide](/best-practices/neovate-code) - Modern AI coding tool
- [OpenCode Integration Guide](/best-practices/opencode) - Open-source AI coding assistant

**💬 Knowledge Management & Chat Tools**

- [Cherry Studio Integration Guide](/best-practices/cherry-studio) - Desktop AI chat app
- [Obsidian Integration Guide](/best-practices/obsidian) - AI plugin for the knowledge management tool
- [Sider Integration Guide](/best-practices/sider) - Browser sidebar AI assistant

**🤖 AI App Platforms**

- [Dify Integration Guide](/best-practices/dify) - LLM app development platform
- [Open WebUI Integration Guide](/best-practices/open-webui) - Self-hosted AI chat UI

::: info 📚 More integrations
More integration guides are continuously being added. If you need help, visit the [Discord community](http://discord.gg/vHZZzj84Bm) or contact technical support.
:::

---

## Using Subscriptions in Studio Chat

In addition to using an API Key in developer tools, you can also use your subscription quota directly in **[ZenMux Studio Chat](https://zenmux.ai/chat)** on the web.

### Switch billing modes

On the Studio Chat page, you can flexibly choose—per conversation—whether to use subscription quota or Pay As You Go balance.

In the conversation settings, you’ll see the **Billing Mode** option:

- **Subscription** - Uses subscription quota (Flows) and does not consume account balance
- **Pay As You Go** - Deducts from your account balance based on actual usage

::: tip 💡 Flexible switching
You can use different billing modes in different conversations. For example:

- Daily development, learning, prototype validation → Subscription
- Production testing, commercial project validation → Pay As You Go

You can switch at any time. The two modes do not affect each other, so you can always choose the best billing method for each scenario.
:::

### Studio Chat features

When chatting in Studio Chat using subscriptions, you get:

- ✅ Access to all models supported by your subscription plan (70+ premium models)
- ✅ Multimodal chat (text, images, file upload)
- ✅ Full chat history management
- ✅ Export chat transcripts
- ✅ Shared subscription quota with API calls

::: warning ⚠️ Shared quota
Studio Chat and API calls use the same subscription quota pool. Conversations in Studio Chat consume subscription Flows—please plan your usage accordingly.
:::

---

## Developer Co-Creation Rewards

We value feedback from every user. Join the ZenMux improvement program to earn rewards:

- 🐛 **Submit a valid bug report:** $5 credit for each accepted bug
- 💡 **Suggest an improvement:** $5 credit for each accepted suggestion
- 🎁 **Reward cap:** Up to $50 credit per person (equivalent to reimbursing 2.5 months of Pro subscription fees)

How to participate:

Please visit our [Contact Us page](https://zenmux.ai/supports) and reach out via any of the contact methods provided (preferably RedNote, WeChat, or Discord) to submit your feedback or suggestions.

## FAQ

### What’s the difference between subscriptions and Pay As You Go?

| Feature | Subscription (Builder Plan) | Pay-As-You-Go |
|-----|---------------------|----------------------|
| **Billing** | Fixed monthly fee | Pay for actual usage |
| **Best for** | Personal development, learning | Production, commercial apps |
| **Cost predictability** | ✅ High (fixed monthly fee) | ⚠️ Medium (varies with usage) |
| **Rate limits** | 10–15 RPM | Higher; customizable |
| **SLA** | Standard | Higher |
| **Price leverage** | ✅ 5–10× | Standard API pricing |

### When does my quota reset?

- **5-hour window:** Uses a rolling window, measured from when you send requests, and resets once every 5 hours
- **Weekly limit:** Measured from when you send requests, and resets every 7 days

You can view remaining quota and reset times in real time on the [Subscription Management page](https://zenmux.ai/platform/subscription).

### Can I use multiple plans at the same time?

No. Each account can have only one active subscription plan at a time. If you need a higher quota, upgrade to Max or Ultra.

## Next Steps

Now that you understand how the Builder Plan subscription works, you can:

- 📚 Read the [Quickstart guide](./quickstart) for detailed API usage
- 🔧 See [Best Practices](/best-practices/claude-code) to integrate your subscription API Key into developer tools
- 💰 Learn about [Pay As You Go](./pay-as-you-go), which is better suited for production billing
- 📊 Visit the [Usage Analytics page](./observability/usage) to monitor subscription quota usage in real time
- 💵 Check [Cost Analysis](./observability/cost) to learn how to optimize costs

::: tip Contact Us
If you run into any issues, or have suggestions and feedback, feel free to reach out via:

- **Website**: <https://zenmux.ai>
- **Support email**: [support@zenmux.ai](mailto:support@zenmux.ai)
- **Business email**: [bd@zenmux.ai](mailto:bd@zenmux.ai)
- **Twitter**: [@ZenMuxAI](https://twitter.com/ZenMuxAI)
- **Discord**: <https://discord.gg/vHZZzj84Bm>

For more contact options and details, please visit our [Contact page](/help/contact).
:::
