docs_source/en/api/platform/get-generation.md, before:

---
pageClass: api-page
title: Interface
---

# Get generation

```
GET https://zenmux.ai/api/v1/generation?id=<generation_id>
```

The Get generation interface is used to query generation information, such as usage and costs.

## Request params

### generate_id `string` <font color="red">Required</font>

The generation id returned by the [Create chat completion](../openai/create-chat-completion.md) interface.

## Returns

### generation_id `string`

The current generation id.

### model `string`

Model ID.

### created_at `string`

The time when the server received the inference request.

### generation_time `integer`

The duration of this inference from the first token to completion, in milliseconds.

### latency `integer`

First token latency, in milliseconds.

### native_tokens `object`

Usage information consumed by this inference.

### streamed `boolean`

Whether it is a streaming response.

### finish_reason `string`

The reason why the model stopped inference.

### usage `string`

The credit consumed by this inference


::: api-request GET /api/v1/generation


```Shell
curl https://zenmux.ai/api/v1/generation?id=<generation_id> \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $ZENMUX_API_KEY"
```

:::

Commit message:

Enhance documentation and code quality across multiple files
- Updated quickstart guide for clarity and consistency in language.
- Improved contact page to streamline communication and support requests.
- Revised FAQ section for better readability and updated information.
- Enhanced index page for improved navigation and user experience.
- Made adjustments to Chinese documentation for accuracy and clarity.
- Refined provider routing documentation to clarify routing principles.
- Improved multimodal guide with clearer input descriptions and examples.
- Updated tool calls documentation for consistency in terminology.
- Added type definitions for glob package in package.json.
- Enhanced translation script to support concurrent file processing and improved error handling.
- Removed outdated test.md file to clean up the repository.

docs_source/en/api/platform/get-generation.md, after:

---
pageClass: api-page
title: API
---

# Get generation

```
GET https://zenmux.ai/api/v1/generation?id=<generation_id>
```

The Get generation endpoint is used to query generation details, such as usage and cost.

## Request parameters

### generate_id `string` <font color="red">Required</font>

The generation ID returned by the [Create chat completion](../openai/create-chat-completion.md) endpoint.

## Returns

### generation_id `string`

The current generation ID.

### model `string`

Model ID.

### created_at `string`

The time the server received the inference request.

### generation_time `integer`

Duration from the first token to completion, in milliseconds.

### latency `integer`

Time to first token, in milliseconds.

### native_tokens `object`

Usage details for this generation.

### streamed `boolean`

Whether the response was streamed.

### finish_reason `string`

The reason the model stopped.

### usage `string`

Credits consumed by this generation.


::: api-request GET /api/v1/generation


```Shell
curl https://zenmux.ai/api/v1/generation?id=<generation_id> \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $ZENMUX_API_KEY"
```

:::
